You stand up from your chair and stretch, having located the backdoor in Jeff's
binaries.

Where is he getting them, anyway? And why can't he solve them himself?

You're glad for the challenge he gave you. You signed up for this internship to
learn, but until Jeff informed you of Angr, you spent your days searching thr-
ough the same binaries--or at least, they all seemed the same. They blur toget-
her after a while. You loved it at first, but once the novelty wore off, the
challenge lessened, and you found yourself growing tired of it.

There's a feeling you get, that everyone gets, when they find their true pas-
sion. One minute, you are somewhat idly working, fulfilling the requirement
of the task at hand, but no more. The next, something clicks, and you become
completely immersed in your work. You feel energized and your senses heighten,
but you are fully disconnected from the outside world. You do not hear your co-
worker call your name, twice. Your brain ignores the signal from your left shou-
lder as they walk by and tap it, but then think the better of disrupting you, 
and walk away. All you feel is a monogamous intimacy with the task at hand,
without regard to external sight, smell, sound, touch, or even time. Psycho-
logists call this 'flow'. You are pretty sure you just experienced it.

You glance at the time at the top-right corner of your screen, and see it's al-
ready almost 1:30pm. Time for lunch. Your rumbling stomach confirms.

Something is still wrong. People are unnaturally tense, anxious. On the way to
the microwave, you run into Kelly. You might as well ask her about it.

-- What's going on here?

-- What do you mean?

-- Why does everyone look so anxious today?

-- Oh. Haven't you heard?

   Someone leaked a backdoor in our software to Eve Elle Software. We aren't
   sure who, exactly, but our binaries are only accessable from our systems here
   onsite. The cybersecurity response team has been up all night working. They
   think they've patched most of the holes, but we can never really be sure.

-- Do you think someone from Eve Elle remotely hacked the system?

-- No, it had to have been an inside job. It could be anyone, possibly even
   someone in this building right now. We have IT working on it, searching thr-
   ough logs on everyone's computer to try and determine who leaked the binaries
   or the backdoor. Do you know anyone who might be involved? Anyone with access
   to suspicious binaries? Did anyone ask you anything about finding backdoors?
   After all, you are likely one of the most knowledgeable people around here on
   that subject.

You are silent for a moment.

-- I can't think of anyone.

-- Alright, enjoy your lunch. When you're done, check your email. We need you to
   test a new backdoor one of our engineers built to determine if it's secure
   enough to use.

She walks away.

When you finish your lunch and return to your desk, you open your email.

-
-
-
