The sun shines brightly outside. It's a wonderful day.

Kelly walks around the corner, heading straight for your cubicle. She isn't
looking all that appreciative of the sun.

You make eye contact with her almost immediately.

-- Get in my office. Right now.

You walk with her quickly through the maze of desks.

-- Is there something wrong?

Once you are both in her office, she closes the door and turns towards you.

-- You better have a damn good explanation.

-- What?

-- Erik told me he found a script on your computer that finds the backdoor to
   a few of the binaries that were leaked to Eve Elle Software.

-- What?

She breaks eye contact, but continues talking.

-- I really don't know what to make of this. You were doing such good work. I
   just can't believe you would do something so unethical, joining us as an
   intern just to steal our secrets away.

You feel completely overwhelmed with confusion, which soon turns to fright as
you consider the possibility that someone had been impersonating you. This
emotion quickly turns to anger as you realize that Jeff had set you up to this.
The binaries he asked you to solve--they weren't as innocuous as you had
thought.

-- I did not leak the secrets. I can explain. It was Jeff that--

-- Go home early. I would fire you right here and take you to the police if I
   could, but we really don't want an investigation happening in here right now.

-- But--

She clearly doesn't want to hear it. You pack up and begin to leave.

He won't win. Not without a fight.

...

The office is typically open until the last person leaves, usually around
7:30pm. Jeff and Kelly would have left at 5pm, as they always do.

You arrive just in time, just as the night cleaning crew is locking up. You tell
them that you can lock up, and to have a good night.

You sit down at Jeff's desk. Ironically, he keeps his computer unlocked. On the
screen, there is a terminal window. It appears to be logged in to some sort of
development server. He seems to have been working on writing an Angr script to
find the backdoor in a few binaries. The script had a number of comments, but no
substantial code.
